Add improvements to REST API docs. (#2585)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/develop/apis/identity-governance-rest-api.md

    
    | Property display name | Property name | Purpose |
    | ------- | -------|---|

>     | Validate password history   | passwordHistory.enable   | User will not be allowed to use previously used passwords. |

Reviewer: Remove fullstops for all phrases.

Author: these were added as this is how it is returned in the API response.

>     | Password history validation count   | passwordHistory.count   | Restrict using this number of last used passwords during password update. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Password history validation count   | passwordHistory.count   | Restrict reusing this number of previously used passwords during a password update. |
```

    
    **Password Patterns**
    
    | Property display name | Property name | Purpose |
    | ------- | -------|---|
    | Validate passwords based on a policy pattern   | passwordPolicy.enable   | Validate user passwords against a policy. |
    | Minimum number of characters  | passwordPolicy.min.length   | Minimum number of characters in the password. |
    | Maximum number of characters  | passwordPolicy.max.length   | Maximum number of characters in the password. |
    | Password pattern regex   | passwordPolicy.pattern   | The regular expression pattern to validate the password. |

>     | Error message on pattern violation   | passwordPolicy.errorMsg   | This error message will be displayed when a pattern violation is detected. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Error message on pattern violation   | passwordPolicy.errorMsg   | Notify when a pattern violation is detected. |
```

Author: this suggests a different meaning.

??? "User Onboarding"

    **Self Registration**
    
    | Property display name | Property name | Purpose |
    | ------- | -------|---|

>     | User self registration  | SelfRegistration.Enable  | Allow user's to self register to the system. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | User self registration  | SelfRegistration.Enable  | Allow users to self register to the system. |
```

>     | Lock user account on creation | SelfRegistration.LockOnCreation  | Lock self registered user account until e-mail verification. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Lock user account on creation | SelfRegistration.LockOnCreation  | Lock self-registered user account until e-mail verification. |
```

    | Manage notifications sending internally | SelfRegistration.Notification.InternallyManage  | Disable if the client application handles notification sending |
    | Prompt reCaptcha  | SelfRegistration.ReCaptcha  | Enable reCaptcha verification during self registration. |
    | User self registration verification link expiry time  | SelfRegistration.VerificationCode.ExpiryTime  | Specify the expiry time in minutes for the verification link. |
    | User self registration SMS OTP expiry time  | SelfRegistration.VerificationCode.SMSOTP.ExpiryTime  | Specify the expiry time in minutes for the SMS OTP. |
    | User self registration callback URL regex  | SelfRegistration.CallbackRegex  | This prefix will be used to validate the callback URL. |

>     | Manage Self-Sign-Up purposes  | _url_listPurposeSelfSignUp  | Click here to manage Self-Sign-Up purposes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Manage Self-Sign-Up purposes  | _url_listPurposeSelfSignUp  | Manage Self-Sign-Up purposes |
```

>     | Send sign up confirmation email  | SelfRegistration.NotifyAccountConfirmation  | Enable sending notification for self sign up confirmation. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Send sign up confirmation email  | SelfRegistration.NotifyAccountConfirmation  | Enable sending notification for self signup confirmation. |
```

    | Prompt reCaptcha on re-send confirmation  | SelfRegistration.ResendConfirmationReCaptcha  | Prompt reCaptcha verification for resend confirmation |

>     | Enable Auto Login After Account Confirmation  | SelfRegistration.AutoLogin.Enable  | User will be logged in automatically after completing the Account Confirmation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Enable Auto Login After Account Confirmation  | SelfRegistration.AutoLogin.Enable  | User will be logged in automatically after the account confirmation |
```

    | Alias of the key used to sign to cookie  | SelfRegistration.AutoLogin.AliasName  | Alias of the key used to sign to cookie. The public key has to be imported to the keystore. |       
 
    **Lite User Registration**
     
    | Property display name | Property name | Purpose |
    | ------- | -------|---|
    | Lite user registration  | LiteRegistration.Enable  | Allow user's to self register to the system without a password. |

>     | Lock user account on creation | LiteRegistration.LockOnCreation  | Lock self registered user account until e-mail verification. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Lock user account on creation | LiteRegistration.LockOnCreation  | Lock self-registered user account until e-mail verification. |
```

    | Manage notifications sending internally | LiteRegistration.Notification.InternallyManage  | Disable if the client application handles notification sending |
    | Prompt reCaptcha  | LiteRegistration.ReCaptcha  | Enable reCaptcha verification during self registration. |
    | Lite user registration verification link expiry time  | LiteRegistration.VerificationCode.ExpiryTime  | Specify the expiry time in minutes for the verification link. |
    | Lite user registration SMS OTP expiry time | LiteRegistration.VerificationCode.SMSOTP.ExpiryTime  | Specify the expiry time in minutes for the SMS OTP. |
    | Lite user registration callback URL regex  | LiteRegistration.CallbackRegex  | This prefix will be used to validate the callback URL. |

>     | Manage Lite-Sign-Up purposes  | _url_listPurposeSelfSignUp  | Click here to manage Lite-Sign-Up purposes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Manage Lite-Sign-Up purposes  | _url_listPurposeSelfSignUp  | Manage Lite-Sign-Up purposes |
```

    | Manage notifications sending internally  | EmailVerification.Notification.InternallyManage  | Disable if the client application handles notification sending. |
    | Email verification code expiry time  | EmailVerification.ExpiryTime  | Set the time span that the verification e-mail would be valid, in minutes. (For infinite validity period, set -1) |
    | Ask password code expiry time  | EmailVerification.AskPassword.ExpiryTime  | Set the time span that the ask password e-mail would be valid, in minutes. (For infinite validity period, set -1) |
    | Temporary password generation extension class  | EmailVerification.AskPassword.PasswordGenerator  | Temporary password generation extension point in ask password feature |
    | Manage JIT provisioning purposes  | _url_listPurposeJITProvisioning  | Click here to manage just in time provisioning purposes. |

??? "Login Attempts Security"

    **Account Lock**
    
    | Property display name | Property name | Purpose |
    | ------- | -------|---|
    | Lock user accounts   | account.lock.handler.enable   | Lock user accounts on failed login attempts |

>     | Maximum failed login attempts   | account.lock.handler.On.Failure.Max.Attempts   | Number of failed login attempts allowed until account lock. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Maximum failed login attempts   | account.lock.handler.On.Failure.Max.Attempts   | Number of failed login attempts allowed before the account is locked. |
```

>     | Initial account lock duration   | account.lock.handler.Time   | Initial account lock time period in minutes. Account will be automatically unlocked after this time period. |

Reviewer: Initial account lock time period in minutes.

This doesn't seem self explanatory.

    | Property display name | Property name | Purpose |
    | ------- | -------|---|
    | Enable user email verification on update | UserClaimUpdate.Email.EnableVerification | Trigger a verification notification when user's email address is updated. |
    | Email verification on update link expiry time | UserClaimUpdate.Email.VerificationCode.ExpiryTime | Validity time of the email confirmation link in minutes. |
    | Enable user mobile number verification on update | UserClaimUpdate.MobileNumber.EnableVerification | Trigger a verification SMS OTP when user's mobile number is updated. |
    | Mobile number verification on update SMS OTP expiry time | UserClaimUpdate.MobileNumber.VerificationCode.ExpiryTime | Validity time of the mobile number confirmation OTP in minutes. |

??? "Account Management"

    **Idle Account Suspend**
    
    | Property display name | Property name | Purpose |
    | ------- | -------|---|
    | Suspend idle user accounts   | suspension.notification.enable   | Lock user account after a given idle period. |
    | Allowed idle time span in days   | suspension.notification.account.disable.delay   | Time period in days before locking the user account. |

>     | Alert sending time periods in days   | suspension.notification.delays   | Send warning alerts to users before locking the account, after each period. Comma separated multiple values accepted. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Alert sending time periods in days   | suspension.notification.delays   | Send warning alerts to users before locking the account after each period. Comma-separated multiple values accepted. |
```

    **Account Disable**
    
    | Property display name | Property name | Purpose |
    | ------- | -------|---|
    | Enable account disabling   | account.disable.handler.enable   | Allow an administrative user to disable user accounts |
    | Manage notification sending internally   | account.disable.handler.notification.manageInternally   | Disable, if the client application handles notification sending |
    
    **Account Recovery**
    
    | Property display name | Property name | Purpose |
    | ------- | -------|---|

>     | Notification based password recovery   | Recovery.Notification.Password.Enable   |  |

Reviewer: Don't these need the purpose field?

Author: these weren't returned in the API responses. since we discussed offline that one to one mapping is not required here, I will add it.

    | Enable reCaptcha for password recovery   | Recovery.ReCaptcha.Password.Enable   |  |
    | Security question based password recovery   | Recovery.Question.Password.Enable   |  |
    | Number of questions required for password recovery   | Recovery.Question.Password.MinAnswers   |  |
    | Security question answer regex   | Recovery.Question.Password.ReCaptcha.Enable   | Security question answer regex |

>     | Enforce security question answer uniqueness   | Recovery.Question.Answer.Uniqueness   | Enforce security question answer uniqueness |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Enforce security question answer uniqueness   | Recovery.Question.Answer.Uniqueness   | Enforce security question-answer uniqueness |
```

>     | Enable reCaptcha for security questions based password recovery   | Recovery.Question.Password.ReCaptcha.Enable   | Prompt reCaptcha for security question based password recovery |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Enable reCaptcha for security questions based password recovery   | Recovery.Question.Password.ReCaptcha.Enable   | Prompt reCaptcha for security question-based password recovery |
```

    | Max failed attempts for reCaptcha   | Recovery.Question.Password.ReCaptcha.MaxFailedAttempts   |  |
    | Username recovery   | Recovery.Notification.Username.Enable   |  |
    | Enable reCaptcha for username recovery   |  Recovery.ReCaptcha.Username.Enable  |  |
    | Manage notifications sending internally   | Recovery.Notification.InternallyManage  | Disable if the client application handles notification sending |
    | Notify when recovery success   | Recovery.NotifySuccess   |  |
    | Notify when security questions based recovery starts   | Recovery.Question.Password.NotifyStart   |  |
    | Recovery link expiry time  | Recovery.ExpiryTime   |  |
    | SMS OTP expiry time  | Recovery.Notification.Password.ExpiryTime.smsOtp   | Expiration time of the SMS OTP code for password recovery |
    | SMS OTP regex  | Recovery.Notification.Password.smsOtp.Regex  | Regex for SMS OTP in format [allowed characters]{length}. Supported character ranges are a-z, A-Z, 0-9. |

>     | Enable forced security questions   | Recovery.Question.Password.Forced.Enable   | Force users to provide answers to security questions during sign in |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Enable forced security questions   | Recovery.Question.Password.Forced.Enable   | Force users to provide answers to security questions during sign-in |
```

>     | Minimum number of forced security questions to be answered   | Recovery.Question.MinQuestionsToAnswer   | Force users to provide answers to security questions during sign in if user has answered lesser than this value |    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Minimum number of forced security questions to be answered   | Recovery.Question.MinQuestionsToAnswer   | Force users to provide answers to more security questions during sign-in if the number of questions answered is lesser than this value |    
```

    | Recovery callback URL regex   | Recovery.CallbackRegex   | Recovery callback URL regex |
    | Enable Auto Login After Password Reset   | Recovery.AutoLogin.Enable   | User will be logged in automatically after completing the Password Reset wizard |    
    
    **Password Reset**
    
    | Property display name | Property name | Purpose |
    | ------- | -------|---|
    | Enable password reset via recovery e-mail |  Recovery.AdminPasswordReset.RecoveryLink | User gets notified with a link to reset password |

>     | Enable password reset via OTP  | Recovery.AdminPasswordReset.OTP  | User gets notified with a one time password to try with SSO login |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Enable password reset via OTP  | Recovery.AdminPasswordReset.OTP  | User gets notified with a one-time password to try with SSO login |
```
